[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Hi.
I'm Dr. Theresa Bullard,
host of "Mystery Teachings."
Now, today, we're going to
meditate on the archetypes
of The Sun and Judgment Day.
Together, they bring us
regeneration and realization.
Now, The Sun also brings
us a renewed sense
of joy, vitality, and
usefulness, while Judgment
awakens us to a higher
spiritual awareness that
can revolutionize our lives.
Now, here's a formula
you can follow
for invoking these two
archetypes of The Sun
and Judgment into your life.
We'll first work with one at a
time, beginning with The Sun.
So once you're ready, find
The Sun card in your deck
and take it out.
And then, place this card in
front of you at eye level.
You can sit on your
meditation stool
or cushion and place
the card up on a table,
so that you can see
it at eye level.
And then, get yourself
into a relaxed position
and a light meditative state.
Take several deep
breaths, relax your body,
empty out your thoughts, and
bring yourself into a positive,
or at least a neutral,
state of being,
so that nothing's
disturbing you,
either mentally or emotionally.
And just really taking
some time to bring yourself
into a state of peace
and quiet within.
Once you've connected into
that state of inner peace,
open up your eyes and
look at The Sun card
for about 5 to 10 minutes,
with your eyes open.
Study its imagery
and its symbolism.
Take in all the details.
Memorize it.
Commit it in and ingrain
it into your mind.
Contemplate all the meaning
of the symbols and the details
as you study it.
And really look for any
subtleties or things
you hadn't noticed before,
any connections that
start to reveal themselves.
I'll remain silent now
for the next five minutes,
as we now meditate on the
symbolism of the card.
And then, after those
first 5 to 10 minutes
of working with this key
with your eyes open, next,
we want to take it inside and
work with it in your mind.
Take it inside and
close your eyes
and work with it for
another 10 minutes,
building this image
up in your mind
and establishing it firmly.
Imagine that the
frame of a card is
a doorway and on the
other side of that door
is the scenery and the
imagery of this key.
Again, create all the details
within your mind's eye,
all the colors, all the
characters, all the symbolism,
bringing it fully
anchored into your mind.
And then, once you
firmly establish this
within your mind,
let it come to life.
Imagine that this
doorway is now something
that you can walk through.
And as you walk in,
the scenery takes
on a three-dimensional, virtual
reality-type of experience.
Everything comes to
life, the characters,
all the various expressions
of consciousness come to life.
And stand there and
observe for a while.
Just take it all in.
Notice what they do.
Notice how they behave,
any messages or words
they might speak or transmit.
And especially feel the
energy that the sun emanates.
And feel the joy of the child.
When you feel the connection
to the scenery and the energy,
the next step is to
merge with The Sun.
Become The Sun.
See yourself as The
Sun, that bright ball
of fire shining up high in
the sky, down upon the Earth,
giving life and
warmth to the planet,
bringing joy and happy times.
You might also see yourself as
the child on the horse, full
of freedom, joy, pleasure.
And when you feel integrated
with these energies,
stand up and actually
take on the posture,
beginning with the
child in The Sun key.
Assume this archetypal
form and his body position.
Imagine yourself riding
that white horse,
holding a victory flag in your
left hand and your other hand
is out waving in celebration.
And you feel completely
free and joyful.
Feel and see The Sun also
shining down upon you
from above.
Feel its warmth and its
radiating light fill you.
And also, activate the sun
that is within your own heart.
And then, expand that
light from your heart out.
And now, become The Sun itself.
And when you feel this
energy filling you,
you will state this
affirmation out loud.
"I am the lord of the
fire of the worlds."
"I am the light
and joy of life."
Allow that to reverberate
throughout you.
Let it awaken its
energies within yourself.
Let all the cells of your body
resonate with this energy.
And then, when
you're ready, we're
going to now move on
to the Judgment card
and do the same process.
To take out your Judgment
key and put The Sun aside
for a moment.
And place the key
in front of you
where you can see it with your
eyes open and meditate upon it.
So we're going to begin with
5 to 10 minutes of meditating
upon the Judgment key,
with our eyes open.
Setting all the details,
memorizing the imagery,
ingraining it upon your mind,
contemplating the meaning
of each of the symbols,
noticing various connections
and correspondences, and
any subtle details you
might have missed before.
Remember the colors of this key.
And then, after that
first 5 to 10 minutes
of studying it with
their eyes open,
it's time to take
it inside and work
within your mind's eye
for another 10 minutes,
with your eyes closed.
Recreate the image
in your mind, again,
imagining that the frame of
the card is like a doorway.
And on the other
side of that door,
you see the imagery of
the card taking form.
Build up the imagery in all of
its detail within your mind's
eye.
And continue working with
this for about 10 minutes.
Once you really feel this
energy is established
and you have the image
firmly in your mind,
now let it come to life.
Walk through the
doorway and move
into the scenery of
the Judgment key.
Let it take on that
three-dimensional, virtual
reality-type of experience.
This one actually holds a
higher vibration than just
normal 3D reality.
It feels like you're in
an alternate reality.
Observe the imagery for a while.
Let the beings come to life.
Notice what they do.
Notice how they behave.
Maybe they have a message
or there's words coming.
Receive all of this
and observe it.
Feel, also, the vibration, the
energies, the ways of being.
And especially
connect to that energy
that's emanating out from the
archangel depicted in Judgment.
Once you feel this
energetic connection,
now merge with Judgment.
Become the Judgment key.
You can begin by imagining
yourself rising up
out of the coffin and
reaching yourself up
towards a new
dimension, ascending.
And then, ultimately,
as you ascend,
merge with the archangel
in the Judgment key
and become the archangel
who's holding that trumpet
and sending out that call
for others to awaken.
Feel this energy come
alive within you.
When you feel this energy
starting to integrate,
stand up and actually
take on the posture
of the archangel in Judgment.
Assume its archetypal
form and imagine
yourself floating in a
cloud above the Earth,
holding that trumpet
in your hands
and blowing into it until you
awaken the souls of Earth.
And then, from that
position, you're
going to state this
affirmation, "I
am the spirit of primal fire."
"I hear the call to higher
purpose and service."
Allow that to reverberate
throughout your being,
to activate your cells, and
integrate this energy deeper
within you.
Then, when you feel
complete with that,
we're now going
to work with both
The Sun and the
Judgment cards together.
So bringing them
both out, you're
going to sit and meditate
upon them together.
Study all the imagery
and notice how
they contrast with one another.
Notice any differences.
And also, notice
how they compliment
each other and any
similarities or connections
between these two.
The Sun stimulates joy
and a sense of renewal,
while Judgment stimulates your
call to ascension and purpose.
Now, the final thing we want
to do is to take these energies
and express them
into our outer life.
So ways that we can do that are
to bring those primary colors
into our life, into our
environment, our clothing
and so forth.
So that's orange for The
Sun and red for Judgment.
Also, meditate daily upon
these symbols and these images.
And work with the affirmations
that we've just used.
And continue to contemplate
the meaning of each card
and how it applies to your life.
Watch for these archetypes
to show up in your dreams
and/or synchronicities
within your waking life.
And really pay attention
and analyze any messages
that they might have for you.
And then, really notice and
pay attention to yourself
and how the strengths and
the weaknesses of each
of these keys show
up within you.
And then, consciously
work to make improvements
in these areas.
And then, again,
realize that as we're
working with these
archetypes, they're
going to set forces in
motion in your life.
So really engage with it.
Pay attention.
Be present to it.
And commit to seeing
it all the way through.
We have one more step to go.
Join me again, as
we explore further
into the 22 archetypes
of Tarot and how
they can help us to make our
big shift in consciousness.